Add `--target-cuda` argument for selecting CUDA architecture (#2478)
IntelPython/dpnp: doc/quick_start_guide.rst

Building ``dpnp`` also requires `building Data Parallel Control Library for custom SYCL targets.
<https://intelpython.github.io/dpctl/latest/beginners_guides/installation.html#building-for-custom-sycl-targets>`_

``dpnp`` can be built for CUDA devices using the ``--target-cuda`` argument.

To target a specific architecture (e.g., ``sm_80``):

.. code-block:: bash

    python scripts/build_locally.py --target-cuda=sm_80

> To use the default architecture (``sm_50``), run:

Reviewer: The new implementation does not fallback on the default architecture supported by the plugin for CUDA.
Previously we passed `nvptx64-nvidia-cuda`, while now it is set to `nvidia_gpu_sm_50` be default.

Or is there explicit mapping from `nvptx64-nvidia-cuda` to `nvidia_gpu_sm_50` value inside the plugin which will be kept in the future plugin's implementation?

> To use the default architecture (``sm_50``), run:

Reviewer 2: Per the [plugin's documentation](https://developer.codeplay.com/products/oneapi/nvidia/2025.1.1/guides/get-started-guide-nvidia#compile-for-nvidia-gpus) it should be explicitly mapped to `sm_50`.

>Note that kernels are built for sm_50 by default, allowing them to work on a wider range of architectures, but limiting the usage of more recent CUDA features.

.. code-block:: bash

    python scripts/build_locally.py --target-cuda

Note that kernels are built for ``sm_50`` by default, allowing them to work on a wider
range of architectures, but limiting the usage of more recent CUDA features.

For reference, compute architecture strings like ``sm_80`` correspond to specific
CUDA Compute Capabilities (e.g., Compute Capability 8.0 corresponds to ``sm_80``).
A complete mapping between NVIDIA GPU models and their respective
Compute Capabilities can be found in the official
`CUDA GPU Compute Capability <https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus>`_ documentation.

> A full list of available SYCL alias targets is available in the

Author: Done

Building ``dpnp`` also requires `building Data Parallel Control Library for custom SYCL targets.
<https://intelpython.github.io/dpctl/latest/beginners_guides/installation.html#building-for-custom-sycl-targets>`_

Builds for CUDA and AMD devices internally use SYCL alias targets that are passed to the compiler.
A full list of available SYCL alias targets is available in the
`DPC++ Compiler User Manual <https://intel.github.io/llvm/UsersManual.html>`_.

CUDA build
~~~~~~~~~~

To build for CUDA devices, use the ``--target-cuda`` argument.

To target a specific architecture (e.g., ``sm_80``):

.. code-block:: bash

    python scripts/build_locally.py --target-cuda=sm_80

To use the default architecture (``sm_50``), run:

.. code-block:: bash

    python scripts/build_locally.py --target-cuda

> Note that kernels are built for ``sm_50`` by default, allowing them to work on a wider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that kernels are built for the default architecture (``sm_50``), allowing them to work on a wider
```

.. code-block:: bash
    python scripts/build_locally.py --target-hip=gfx90a

Multi-target build
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> It is, however, possible to build for Intel devices, CUDA devices, and an AMD device

Reviewer: I believe it would be good to clarify, that the default build from the source enables support of Intel devices. But it is possible to extend that with support of both CUDA and AMD devices.
